Help Me
He's not my mother.
You mistook Zhang Mengjie.
What nonsense are you spouting?
I sold this guy with my own hands 20 years ago
Hahaha said it was a loss.
manly
I'm really your mother
Please help me!
Zhao Xiangru, stop acting
Your sister is long dead
Sold by him to Xiaodao Village for money
The person who has been separated from Xiaojie for 20 years is obviously me
Don't worry, he's my daughter
Zhang Mengjie's mother
If you don't believe me, look
His smoking method
I burned it myself with a cigarette when he was a child
Can't be wrong
Hahaha
How could he have a cigarette?
When I was a child, my mother could make a sound
Is it really wrong?
He is lying.
My cigarette bar is obviously in the right arm
I ran away and got a fever.
I can't make a sound.
That was ironed by Zhao Zhigang
Shen Guiying is lying to you
Who did you say was hot?
Not me.
I am innocent
I've never done this before.